[**TDLib**](../../../../../../README.md) • **Docs**

***

[TDLib](../../../../../../modules.md) / [index](../../../../../README.md) / [types](../../../README.md) / [default](../README.md) / remoteFile$Input

# Type Alias: remoteFile$Input

> **remoteFile$Input**: `object`

Version of [remoteFile](remoteFile.md) for method parameters.

Represents a remote file

## Type declaration

### \_

> `readonly` **\_**: `"remoteFile"`

### id?

> `readonly` `optional` **id**: `string`

Remote file identifier; may be empty. Can be used by the current user across application restarts or even from other devices. Uniquely identifies a file, but a file can have a lot of different valid identifiers.

- If the identifier starts with "http://" or "https://", it represents the HTTP URL of the file. TDLib is currently unable to download files if only their URL is known.

- If downloadFile/addFileToDownloads is called on such a file or if it is sent to a secret chat, TDLib starts a file generation process by sending updateFileGenerationStart to the application with the HTTP URL in the original_path and "#url#" as the conversion string.

- Application must generate the file by downloading it to the specified location

### is\_uploading\_active?

> `readonly` `optional` **is\_uploading\_active**: [`Bool$Input`](Bool$Input.md)

True, if the file is currently being uploaded (or a remote copy is being generated by some other means)

### is\_uploading\_completed?

> `readonly` `optional` **is\_uploading\_completed**: [`Bool$Input`](Bool$Input.md)

True, if a remote copy is fully available

### unique\_id?

> `readonly` `optional` **unique\_id**: `string`

Unique file identifier; may be empty if unknown. The unique file identifier which is the same for the same file even for different users and is persistent over time

### uploaded\_size?

> `readonly` `optional` **uploaded\_size**: [`int53`](int53.md)

Size of the remote available part of the file, in bytes; 0 if unknown

## Defined in

dist/generated/types.d.ts:3826
